♪ Strange brew ♪
♪ Kill what's inside of you. ♪
You gonna eat that. mate?
Yeah. I was.
Not supposed to have a
heavy meal before cryo.
-Thank you so much.
-I'm telling you that
-as your doctor.
-Kinda.
Yeah. well. fair enough.
No. you're-you're right.
Of course it's not good.
You have to do it...
do it yourself.
You all right there. gorgeous?
Honestly. cryo
really creeps me out.
-Hmm. I wonder why.
-That's 'cause Teng over there.
with his beady little eyes.
stares at you while you sleep.
Fucking hell. The
girl should know.
He doesn't do that...
-Of course he does.
-...anymore.
-He does.
-Of course not.
Morrow talked to
him. didn't you?
Mr. Teng won't be a problem.
unless he wants to work
65 years for no pay.
Ooh...
-Teng.
-Stingy.
Teng. we love you.
No. he's a nice guy.
Why you being like that?
How did you sleep?
Good. Wait. so. say that again.
What's that one?
Say that's Weyland-Yutani.
-That's us.
-Yeah.
-That's who we work for.
-Oh. okay.
Right? And they control
North and South America.
And the moon. right?
No. that's Dynamic.
Yutani has Mars and Saturn.
Yeah. but we're talking about
the Earth. who rules what.
The kid hasn't done
his social studies.
There's four companies.
They govern the entire globe.
Don't forget
the new one: Prodigy.
What's that one?
Oh. that's. uh. synths. AI.
Was started by a kid
maybe ten years ago?
Boy Kavalier.
That's the one.
Youngest trillionaire ever.
Right. so there's
five companies. right?
I still don't get it.
Oh. poor baby.
Mr. Teng.
You checked the nav
computer. Mr. Teng?
Are you asking if I did my job?
How long to Earth's orbit?
10.525.000 seconds.
Plenty of time.
Months. Teng. give
it to me in months.
Four months.
Such a jerk.
Give or take a few days.
You all good. Captain?
Hey.
Comms are down.
Looks like the log
files are corrupted.
Well. it's probably
just a glitch.
-I can have a look.
-No.
Security will investigate.
We're also burning
way too much fuel.
I want you and Teng looking into
what system we can shut down.
Why don't we just. uh...
shoot Chibuzo's specimens
into space and...
shut down her little zoo?
Okay. I think he means
real suggestions.
It's a real suggestion. Those
things give me the creeps.
Yeah. me. too.
The specimens...
are the mission.
Easy for you to say. cyborg.
We lost a lot of good
men getting them.
And for what?
So the company can put shit
into our breakfast cereal
-to control our minds?
-See. that is not a real thing.
Don't know what you're
talking about. mate.
The specimens are the mission.
Period.
Now. do I need to
post extra security
or restrict you
to your quarters?
Sullivan. Petrovitch.
Got it.
Wake me on final approach.
Will do.
Thank you very much. and hello.
Know any bedtime stories?
♪ Baby. you understand me now ♪
♪ If sometimes you
see that I'm mad. ♪
What is it?
It's a scorpion.
Where did it come from?
It was in the mess.
What are you gonna do with it?
What do you think we
should do with it?
Squash it.
So it doesn't sting you.
What if. while I'm squashing
it. another scorpion stings me
to protect its friend the same
way you're trying to protect me?
It scares me.
Think of how the
scorpion must feel.
trapped under glass.
menaced by giants.
Okay. my darling.
It's time.
Do we have to?
Yes.
Go on.
I'll be here when you wake up.
Are you gonna kill it?
Do you want me to?
No.
Is it gonna hurt?
I told you. it's just
like falling asleep.
Will I dream?
I don't know.
You'll have to tell
me when you wake up.
Ah. there she is.
Hi.
Oh. you got a little
something on... ooh.
All right.
Deep breath for me.
There you go.
You know. I had the
weirdest dream last night.
We had a baby. and it was a pig.
Oh. well. I had a pig
when I was a girl.
It was cute. and then
it was 300 pounds.
Yeah. so. more of a human
child is what we want. then.
We talked about this.
These are our children.
Now focus.
Is that what I'm
going to look like?
Yes.
That's you.
She's pretty.
Okay.
Willkommen.
Moshi moshi.
How's our girl?
She's ready.
Do you know who
Neil Armstrong was?
He was an astronaut.
Not just an astronaut.
He was the first man to
set foot on the moon.
You're going to
be the first. too.
I'm going to the moon?
No. silly.
You're gonna be the first
person to transition
from a human body...
to a synthetic.
Because I'm special.
That's right.
You're very... very special.
Do you want to
see a magic trick?
Yeah?
It's pretty cool.
Right?
Okay. you. up on the table.
I want my brother.
I told you. you can see
him when you wake up.
But he can't see me.
No.
Because it's a secret.
What we're doing.
Yes.
Is it time to go to sleep?
That's right. Marcy.
Wendy.
What was that?
She looks like a Wendy.
♪ Latch on ♪
♪ To the affirmative ♪
♪ Don't mess with
Mr. In-Between. ♪
♪ After the rain ♪
♪ A killer crane ♪
♪ After the rainbow ♪
♪ Across the sky ♪
♪ Her graces glide ♪
♪ Across the sea ♪
♪ Across creation... ♪
Wendy.
Wendy!
We're ready for you.
♪ Sunshine ♪
♪ I saw you through
the hanging vine ♪
♪ Fading away... ♪
Race you.
♪ Heals the ground. unafraid. ♪
Wendy. darling?
How are you feeling today?
These are weird.
Your breasts?
They're weird.
They move around when I run.
Well...
you are in an adult body now.
Why?
Because synthetic
bodies don't grow.
So?
How are your emotions?
You been happy?
Or sad?
I don't know.
They're quiet now.
The human body
manufactures hormones...
dopamine. serotonin. estrogen.
testosterone...
that create moods.
You don't have those anymore.
We've tried to simulate them.
to simulate adolescence as
you grow into your adult body.
So it's not just like
flipping a switch.
But maybe...
we need to increase
the intensity.
We've had this discussion.
She's not human anymore.
Why are we pretending she is?
She...
is sitting right there.
And it's the protocol
as laid out by the CEO.
The body is a vessel
for the mind...
a human mind...
on its path to endless life.
Simulating the human
experience is critical.
So what am I?
If I'm not human...
...what am I?
Whatever you want to be.
I got you something.
For your collection.
Oh. and I have good news.
The other children have arrived.
I'm not alone anymore?
Darling...
you're never alone.
You got us.
But. yes. now there
will be others.
Like me.
Not yet.
They're still children.
So we need to help them
to make the transition.
so they're not afraid.
Can you do that?
Can you be a big sister?
Listen now.
Hear up. and you can
grow big and strong
like me.
Who wants a ride?
-Me. me. me. me.
-Me. me. me.
Wow.
And you'll be super fast. too.
Were you sick. too?
Before?
Dying even.
And everybody was so sad.
But then the boy
genius came along
and he said...
"Don't be sad.
I'm gonna fix you right up."
And that's exactly what he did.
Gave me this big girl body.
better than new.
Now I'm the forever girl.
Because...
grown-up minds don't fit?
Uh. because grown-up
minds are too stiff.
So they can't make the trip yet.
But our minds... kid minds...
we fit just right.
Question?
Will I be able to walk again?
You'll be able to walk.
run. jump. dance.
Do you guys like to dance?
Yeah.
Question?
I want to be a scientist
when I grow up.
Okay.
That's not a question.
But cool.
When do we get to go home?
You don't.
I'll be here the
whole time. okay?
Promise?
Promise.
Uh. can you move. please?
-We need to begin.
-Go around.
Want to see a magic trick?
Yeah.
"Mrs. Darling first
heard of Peter
"when she was tidying
up her children's minds.
"It is the nightly custom
"of every good mother after
her children are asleep
"to rummage in their minds
and put things straight.
"When you wake in the morning.
"the naughtinesses
and evil passions
"with which you went to bed
"have been folded up small
"and placed at the
bottom of your mind.
"And on the top.
"beautifully aired.
"are spread out your
prettier thoughts.
ready for you to put on."
"In the old days at home.
"the Neverland had always
begun to look a little dark
and threatening by bedtime."
"Then unexplored patches
arose in it and spread."
"Black shadows
moved about in them.
"The roar of the beasts of
prey was quite different now.
"Above all...
you lost the certainty
that you would win."
Collision imminent.
Morrow!
Morrow. let me in!
Please!
It's coming.
Let me in!
Morrow. let me in.
What are you doing? Let me in!
It's coming.
Hurry up. It's coming.
What are you...
What are you doing?
No. no. no. Let me in. Morrow!
No. No.
Why are you doing this?!
You fucking asshole!
Mother. I need the impact room.
Collision imminent.
Impact in T-minus ten seconds.
Nine...
...four. three. two...
Yeah. like you were saying.
easy pop-up to center field...
♪ Chairman. what is
a bar to a felon? ♪
♪ With too much
heart like Kevin ♪
♪ Yeah. I am the
dude like Devin ♪
♪ Yeah. man ♪
♪ Chairman. mandem
press my brethren... ♪
Well. I'm glad you asked.
See ya.
His name is Joe.
Joe DiMaggio. like
the baseball player.
Ready to break.
Wilson got a hold of it.
It's got the height.
And it's got the distance!
-Two-run homer for Wilson...
-Yes!
...and New Siam takes the lead.
Two to nothing.
What does he do?
Well. he's a medic.
Like a doctor.
Hello.
Dad used to always say that.
Where'd you go?
Medic's pretty cool.
He's really good at it. too.
She...
She's watching
the brother again.
Who does he work for?
He works for Prodigy.
Just like us.
He has to work with soldiers.
Who work with guns.
They told him I died.
What's for dinner?
I miss eating.
There you are.
Hmm.
Am I hallucinating. or is that
ice coming straight towards us?
Yeah. yeah. it's coming!
It sounds like
there's animals on it.
Yippee!
We're being rescued.
we're being rescued.
I hear laughter.
Oh! Must be a party cruise.
Ahoy down there!
You know these waters are
infested with pirates.
Captain Gutt. here to help.
Look. we don't want any trouble.
Now surrender your
ship or face my...
Fury!
Or face your furry what?
Not furry.
-Fury.
-Fire!
Good night. Joe.
Let's go.
Now. really?
Hey. uh...
what did the robot
say yesterday?
I got to serve out my contract.
Right.
Come on. hey. eyes
on the balls. Brahma.
What about medical school?
So we're stuck with you.
-You love me.
-Babe.
You're just afraid
to say the words.
Oh. shit.
-What the fuck?
-Call it in.
-Captain...
-Call it in!
-Everyone okay?
-This is Sigma-Prime.
We have a downed spacecraft.
multiple casualties.
heading to the crash site.
All right. by the book.
Locate the survivors.
evacuate the wounded.
-secure the site.
-Yes. sir!
-Maggots. check your weapons.
-Yes. sir.
Check.
Brahma. upstairs.
Prep to evac the wounded.
-Yes. sir.
-Rashidi.
-Sir.
-Take four to the ground floor.
We're moving!
-Go. go. go. go. go. go. go. go!
-Yes. sir!
Go. go. go. go! Move!
Hermit. assist the wounded now!
There we go!
Bring it down! Bring it down!
Help! Help! Stop!
Keep moving! Keep moving!
Hermit. with me!
With me! Let's go!
Medic tent to the right!
If you're hurt.
head to the medics!
There's more medics coming!
Move. move. move!
-Let's move it. people.
-Two that way.
Three that way. Follow me.
Anybody injured?
Security Services!
Anybody hurt?
Search and Rescue!
Search and Rescue! Move in!
-Search and Rescue!
-Hermit!
-All right.
-Yeah.
-Search and Rescue!
Keep up.
Ears on.
I've got voices down here.
Security Services!
-You good?
-Yes.
Search and Rescue!
-Anybody hurt?
-Search and Rescue.
Control the dog. ma'am.
-Coming through.
-Coming in!
-Down.
-Hermit!
-You all right?
-All right...
-Please evacuate the building.
-There's a medical center outside!
-Sir?
-Hermit! -Sir. can you hear me?
-We got medical!
Oi. Anant! Give some
light to Hermit!
Got it.
Here you are. Hermit.
Search and Rescue.
-Search and Rescue.
-She's gone?
Hermit?
Holy shit.
Looks like she goes
all the way down.
-Cortez.
-Yes. sir.
-Radio for a fire suppression unit.
-Got it. Cap.
Anybody smells
sulfur. call it out.
-Let's move in.
-Roger.
This is Cortez to dispatch.
We have a 1050-F situation.
I repeat. we have
a 1050-F situation.
Got multiple injuries.
deaths. and property damage.
Good luck. guys.
Fucking hell.
Come on.
Look at the size of that thing.
I should've called in sick.
Well. don't worry.
I brought spare
panties in my pack.
Come on.
What kind of ship is this?
Science vessel. I think.
Weyland-Yutani.
I used to collect the
cards when I was a kid.
Think there's a finder's fee?
Lock that shit down.
Hoyt. Anant.
-Copy that.
-Let's move.
-My man.
Mother. this is Morrow.
Alert Weyland HQ.
The ship has been boarded.
Status of cargo unknown.
I'm moving to the armory
and will secure the site
until reinforcements can arrive.
All right.
Need you to put these on.
And when you hear a
tone. raise your hand.
-Okay.
Why don't you have kids?
Well. we-we tried to have kids.
But I. I have a low sperm count.
Sperm.
Yeah. sperm. It's a funny word.
Isn't a sperm what
comes out of a boy
and then goes into
the girl's egg?
Yes. that's right.
Yeah.
She's beyond our
human frequencies.
75.000 hertz.
Oh. Wendy. we're. uh...
Put these back on. We're
not. we're not finished here.
What's she...?
Shh.
The ship touched down at 1730.
It's a deep space
research vessel.
C-class.
Weyland-Yutani.
Survivors?
On the ship? Unknown.
Comms are down.
Ship must have
clipped the tower.
But we have forces
on the ground.
Mass casualties. I'd
imagine. among the residents.
Luckily. it was the
Founder's Day Festival.
Hundreds of people
were at the park.
-Mm.
-Sir.
-Not now. -Let's go.
-Uh...
-No. No.
-Triage the rescue by income bracket.
call up the reserves.
and. uh. keep this quiet
until we know the damage.
We can do it.
And the ship?
Ooh. Uh. a deep
space research vessel
loaded with who knows what?
I think that's ours now.
She won't like that.
-Yutani.
-Yeah.
So she can sue.
I said we can do it.
Sir. we're fast. We're strong.
We don't break.
You made us.
We can do it.
Rescue people. Clean up.
Why?
The brother.
From her old life.
He's a medic with
the tactical unit.
They're inside the tower.
So you want to help him.
Look at her face.
her body language.
I mean. if I didn't know
better. I'd say she was human.
I am human.
Send them.
Send...
Yeah. The Lost Boys.
Let's see how they
handle the stress.
I want all technicians on deck.
Monitor brain function.
emotional response.
See how the enhanced
physiognomy performs.
Sir. they're not
first responders.
They're still in
the prototype stage.
The loss of a single unit
would be devastating.
Yeah. yeah. So don't lose one.
You'll watch them?
And they can follow
orders. I mean...
you can...
follow orders. right?
Sir. yes. sir.
See?
Off you pop.
I was sick before we got sick.
Like. always sick. kind of.
No immune system. my mum said.
Not me.
Healthy as a horse.
-Pew!
-Why a horse?
Are they extremely healthy?
Hmm.
Anything is only ever
as healthy as it is.
100% being the healthiest.
I didn't like it.
Being sick.
Nobody likes it.
No.
It was scary.
Lying in my bed every night.
thinking I could die.
And now we can't die.
We could still be crushed
or. like. explode. though.
Or be set on fire.
-Wait. could we drown?
-Yeah. like. a hippo
could come and maul us
or a crocodile.
But not grow old or get cancer.
Right?
Maybe our batteries just run out
and we're like...
Standing. dressing.
running. We got a life-or-death
spaceship crash rescue mission.
Seriously?
Search and Rescue!
Is anyone here?
You first.
Of course.
The fuck?
Oh. man.
What the hell is that?
Come check this out.
You think he died in the crash?
He's been shot.
Two to the body.
one to the head.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
-Yeah.
-Let's go.
Don't turn around.
Slowly. Weapons on the ground.
Relax. friend.
We're Prodigy Search and Rescue.
You've been in a crash.
Just let me call a med team.
Fuck.
Don't make me say it again.
Sidearms.
Up.
Back in the lab.
Move.
Stop.
On the floor. back to the pipe.
Dude. this building's
gonna come down any second.
Cuff him to the pipe.
Now you.
Seriously.
We won't even call it in.
Just let us go and we'll pretend
this never happened. all right?
Where is Kavalier?
The trillionaire? How
the fuck would I know?
Oh. shit.
Hey. It's a cyborg.
Mother. lab specimens
seem intact.
Moving to track the fugitives.
Brother. come on.
You can't leave us like this.
I'm not your brother.
Hey.
Command?
Are you seeing this?
We're inside the cryo-chamber.
-Looks like no survivors.
-Copy. Captain.
Command.
-Hermit!
-Coming.
-What does that?
-I don't know.
He's been dead a
week. maybe more.
You see the color of the blood?
-Yeah.
-The coagulation?
Wait. why did the ship crash?
Hermit.
Something crawled out of here.
What does that mean?
We got to find what
made that trail.
Hey! We're in here!
I think I can get my knife.
Almost... got it.
-Jesus.
-What?
-Something's on me.
-What do you mean.
something's on you?
I don't know. Fuck.
-Hey. Hoyt.
-Some kind of big-ass bug.
What?
Fuck. Fuck!
Hoyt. come on. We
need to stand up.
-I can't get it off!
-Hoyt!
-Fuck!
-We need to get up!
Where's it gone?
I can't see it.
-Hoyt!
-Fuckin' bit me!
Hoyt. stand up!
Ah! Ah!
Hoyt!
Hoyt.
Oh.
Oh. no.
No. [grunts] No. No. Fuck.
Fuck! No!
No...
You used to be food. you know.
Me?
Humanity.
Your lives were short
and filled with fear.
Then your brains grew.
You built tools and used
them to conquer nature.
You built impossible
machines and went to space.
You stopped being food.
Or. I should say.
you told yourself
you weren't food anymore.
But in the animal kingdom.
there is always someone
bigger. or smaller.
who would eat you alive
if they had the chance.
That's what it is
to be an animal.
You're born. you live. you die.
My brother is not gonna die.
Of course he will.
Everyone okay?
Yeah.
Boss.
We keep going.
Injury. illness.
old age.
They all do.
Generation after generation.
All we can do is
watch and take names.
No.
He's not gonna die.
I'm gonna save him.
♪ Ow. come on ♪
♪ Close the city and
tell the people ♪
♪ That something's
coming to call ♪
♪ Death and darkness
are rushing forward ♪
♪ To take a bite
from the wall. oh ♪
♪ You've nothing to say ♪
♪ They're breaking away ♪
♪ If you listen to fools ♪
♪ The mob rules ♪
♪ Kill the spirit and
you'll be blinded ♪
♪ The end is always the same ♪
♪ Play with fire. you
burn your fingers and ♪
♪ Lose your hold
of the flame. oh ♪
♪ It's over. it's done ♪
♪ The end is begun ♪
♪ If you listen to fools ♪
♪ The mob rules ♪
♪ You're all fools ♪
♪ The mob rules. ♪
Captioned by Media Access
Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org